very auspicious day called 2000 is not me
javier muñiz and welcome to a new
video with tips for writers the
another day we were watching is the
tips from the master of terror stephen
king to write a novel that is what
who uses what he does but
this week of giving you a focus
different than I found another article
I really like the advice
of pixar the toy story company
looking for nemo and so on
tips that give to write good
stories them what is it they use
what are your maxims and the truth I do not know
you but I am a huge fan
of picks to then said today we have
let's take a look to see how
because I find the
especially the way they
tell the stories of transmitting
get to the people worth it is clear that it is
a very visual narrative always pixar
plays a lot with the movements of
characters with this kind of animation
classic but I still find it very
interesting and how they synthesize the
stories and how we can learn a lot
at the time of creating our own
novels so I'll be going to give a review
the tips to see what you think
first that says pixar is that we admire
the characters for their attempts more than
for his successes is that well more than having
characters that are perfect and what
do all the first
we have these poor imps for
example as nemo that is lost or
bulgari who does not know what is
doing with their life that they transmit to us
that empathy that tenderness because all the
we shit from time to time
quite often I also and is more
easy to identify with these characters
we have also been in always in
count the reader's perspective or the
viewer in this case putting the
same as the creator's always
we think we often do
things or Paul and faster or by trying
give more pomp more hype to what
we are already doing the best
to see that something simpler that
we have to see we have to think that
is what we wanted to see us in a
story something that I liked a lot
horizon is also that you can define
the theme of the story but you will not see
the finished plot you will not understand from
what's the movie going on until you finish
make it that is a bit paradoxical
so basically what they tell you is
that you look for a topic to develop it is
a little as you can and then once
you have finished scribes and come back to
do it because you're going to get more juice
the story in that way something pretty
typical that also works well is
think how comfortable the
character what he is good at and
send it precisely to the discomfort
more absolute take out
the comfort zone make this
bitch the character and see how he overcomes
that challenge this is a classic but
something that I have not tried works very well
and they also say and I think it's very
interesting I'm going to try it for the
next novel is that they tell you that
when you attack instead of making a
list with things that could happen
to list them with what you're sure
that will not happen in any of the
ways that often come from that
way the end is being discovered
you only see when discarding ideas almost
that are appearing those that have to
be logically the following follows is a
point that I use and I have told you that
once the stories are dissected
that we like as I said
many times almost all the stories of
a style have the same structure what
I have said since the war of galaxies
harry potter the lion king 'in fact I saw
an infographic of this type on the web
that you put the characters the
truth is that they followed more or less the
same development had the same
friends there were the same enemies at
end one has to find what formulas
what formulas are attractive
for us that we like and work at
from them one of the most important things
nice you've read is what it says
you think why you have to count
that story because you need to get it out
because you need to tell the world there
is where is your heart really that
is what you have to tell because it is
important that story for you what is
what is special about the moment
you find that the story is written
you just have to have a reason and already
to finish the pixel proposes something
very interesting that tells us to take
a movie that we have seen and that does not
we liked it and as an exercise
let's think how we would do the plot better
that we would change that we would add that
we would do to give him more rhythm to do
what we like is a very
interesting and with this we can see how
we could be left with his new story to
starting from one that does not work does not
liked how we could do an improved
that story with the characters this
Believe me, that's a pretty good idea
in fact it is this I think that the
seized even díaz has been this
video guys as always but that you
I liked you, I served you and you
entertained then that you take as
always remind you that you can
subscribe to the channel by clicking on
this link that I leave here also
can you tell me what you want here
down in the comments you already know that
I always read everything you leave me and I
I answer
that's all just wish you a fantastic
day give them a huge hug and remember
if we see you very soon in the next
chao video
advice number one writes a expected
central one main idea and then
many more subplots although they do not have
nothing to do or very little in the case of
girl the shoe was when I started
write it three years ago so the idea
general of what seemed like a
Five lines text is good you go to
start with a generic idea I want
that my novel will of a person
go america and discover non-sexist